Manual requisition (#118)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/programs/requisitions.md

- **Order type**: the name of the order type ( typically, a normal or emergency order )
- **Period**: the name of the period selected

#### Manual Program Requisitions

> You can create a manual program requisition for customers who do not use mSupply
> and those who do (for those who do, this should only be done in exceptional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Program Requisitions can also be created manually. This would typically be for customers who do not use mSupply, or in exceptional circumstances.
```

See the configuration steps above, and also the [Customer
tag](https://docs.msupply.org.nz/names:adding_and_editing#tags_tab)
documentation to find out how to set up programs and add tags to customers.

> Click on the `New Requisition` button (top right corner).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Requisitions page, click on the `New Requisition` button (top right corner).
```

![New Requisition](/docs/programs/images/add_requisition_button.png)

If you have programs set up, you'll see a different modal to the usual one:

![New Program Requisition](/docs/programs/images/add_program_requisition.png)

> Here, you can select the:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the `Program` tab, you can create a Program Requisition by selecting the:
```

Author: Feels like the screenshot already implies that...

- Program
- Customer
- Order Type
- Period

Only when you have selected all of the above, can you click `Create` and

> continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
continue.

Use the `General` tab to create a regular Manual Requisition`.
```
and maybe link to manual req docs?

Author: This feels very random here.... If they're reading the program requisition docs you assume they want to create a program requisition not a normal one no?

![Program Requisition Detail

> View](/docs/programs/images/program_requisition_detail_view.gif)

Reviewer: Maybe before this - sentence that you will be redirected to the requisition detail view, with each item pre-populated. And that they can't add items, these are driven by the program master list.

The line edit page will also contain the extra columns as well:

![Program Requisition Line

> Edit](/docs/programs/images/program_requisition_line_edit.png)

Reviewer: Would move this screenshot below the table column definition thing

| **Losses**                | Inventory Adjustment                                                                                      |
| **Additions**             | Inventory Adjustment                                                                                      |
| **Available**             | Initial stock on hand + incoming stock +/- inventory adjustment - outgoing stock                          |
| **Short Expiry**          | Sum of available stock for the item which has an expiry date after the program end date                   |
| **Days out of stock**     | (Target MOS \* AMC) - available stock                                                                     |
| **AMC**                   | The customer's average monthly consumption for this item                                                  |
| **MOS**                   | Months of stock for the item                                                                              |
| **Reason**                | A reason will be provided if their is a difference between the supply quantity and the requested quantity |

> And the side panel will also show the program information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An additional section will be visible in the side panel showing the program information.
```
